 	Add 		Adds two values and pushes the result onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Add_Ovf 	Adds two integers, performs an overflow check, and pushes the result onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Add_Ovf_Un 	Adds two unsigned integer values, performs an overflow check, and pushes the result onto the evaluation stack. 
  	And 		Computes the bitwise AND of two values and pushes the result onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Arglist 	Returns an unmanaged pointer to the argument list of the current method. 
  	Beq 		Transfers control to a target instruction if two values are equal. 
  	Beq_S 		Transfers control to a target instruction (short form) if two values are equal. 
  	Bge 		Transfers control to a target instruction if the first value is greater than or equal to the second value. 
  	Bge_S 		Transfers control to a target instruction (short form) if the first value is greater than or equal to the second value. 
  	Bge_Un 		Transfers control to a target instruction if the first value is greater than the second value, when comparing unsigned integer values or unordered float values. 
  	Bge_Un_S 	Transfers control to a target instruction (short form) if the first value is greater than the second value, when comparing unsigned integer values or unordered float values. 
  	Bgt 		Transfers control to a target instruction if the first value is greater than the second value. 
  	Bgt_S 		Transfers control to a target instruction (short form) if the first value is greater than the second value. 
  	Bgt_Un 		Transfers control to a target instruction if the first value is greater than the second value, when comparing unsigned integer values or unordered float values. 
  	Bgt_Un_S 	Transfers control to a target instruction (short form) if the first value is greater than the second value, when comparing unsigned integer values or unordered float values. 
  	Ble 		Transfers control to a target instruction if the first value is less than or equal to the second value. 
  	Ble_S 		Transfers control to a target instruction (short form) if the first value is less than or equal to the second value. 
  	Ble_Un 		Transfers control to a target instruction if the first value is less than or equal to the second value, when comparing unsigned integer values or unordered float values. 
  	Ble_Un_S 	Transfers control to a target instruction (short form) if the first value is less than or equal to the second value, when comparing unsigned integer values or unordered float values. 
  	Blt 		Transfers control to a target instruction if the first value is less than the second value. 
  	Blt_S 		Transfers control to a target instruction (short form) if the first value is less than the second value. 
  	Blt_Un 		Transfers control to a target instruction if the first value is less than the second value, when comparing unsigned integer values or unordered float values. 
  	Blt_Un_S 	Transfers control to a target instruction (short form) if the first value is less than the second value, when comparing unsigned integer values or unordered float values. 
  	Bne_Un 		Transfers control to a target instruction when two unsigned integer values or unordered float values are not equal. 
  	Bne_Un_S 	Transfers control to a target instruction (short form) when two unsigned integer values or unordered float values are not equal. 
  	Box 		Converts a value type to an object reference (type O). 
  	Br 		Unconditionally transfers control to a target instruction. 
  	Br_S 		Unconditionally transfers control to a target instruction (short form). 
  	Break 		Signals the Common Language Infrastructure (CLI) to inform the debugger that a break point has been tripped. 
  	Brfalse 	Transfers control to a target instruction if value is false, a null reference (Nothing in Visual Basic), or zero. 
  	Brfalse_S 	Transfers control to a target instruction if value is false, a null reference, or zero. 
  	Brtrue 		Transfers control to a target instruction if value is true, not null, or non-zero. 
  	Brtrue_S 	Transfers control to a target instruction (short form) if value is true, not null, or non-zero. 
  	Call 		Calls the method indicated by the passed method descriptor. 
  	Calli 		Calls the method indicated on the evaluation stack (as a pointer to an entry point) with arguments described by a calling convention. 
  	Callvirt 	Calls a late-bound method on an object, pushing the return value onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Castclass 	Attempts to cast an object passed by reference to the specified class. 
  	Ceq 		Compares two values. If they are equal, the integer value 1 (int32) is pushed onto the evaluation stack; otherwise 0 (int32) is pushed onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Cgt 		Compares two values. If the first value is greater than the second, the integer value 1 (int32) is pushed onto the evaluation stack; otherwise 0 (int32) is pushed onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Cgt_Un 		Compares two unsigned or unordered values. If the first value is greater than the second, the integer value 1 (int32) is pushed onto the evaluation stack; otherwise 0 (int32) is pushed onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Ckfinite 	Throws ArithmeticException if value is not a finite number. 
  	Clt 		Compares two values. If the first value is less than the second, the integer value 1 (int32) is pushed onto the evaluation stack; otherwise 0 (int32) is pushed onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Clt_Un 		Compares the unsigned or unordered values value1 and value2. If value1 is less than value2, then the integer value 1 (int32) is pushed onto the evaluation stack; otherwise 0 (int32) is pushed onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Constrained 	Constrains the type on which a virtual method call is made. 
  	Conv_I 		Converts the value on top of the evaluation stack to native int. 
  	Conv_I1 	Converts the value on top of the evaluation stack to int8, then extends (pads) it to int32. 
  	Conv_I2 	Converts the value on top of the evaluation stack to int16, then extends (pads) it to int32. 
  	Conv_I4 	Converts the value on top of the evaluation stack to int32. 
  	Conv_I8 	Converts the value on top of the evaluation stack to int64. 
  	Conv_Ovf_I 	Converts the signed value on top of the evaluation stack to signed native int, throwing OverflowException on overflow. 
  	Conv_Ovf_I_Un 	Converts the unsigned value on top of the evaluation stack to signed native int, throwing OverflowException on overflow. 
  	Conv_Ovf_I1 	Converts the signed value on top of the evaluation stack to signed int8 and extends it to int32, throwing OverflowException on overflow. 
  	Conv_Ovf_I1_Un 	Converts the unsigned value on top of the evaluation stack to signed int8 and extends it to int32, throwing OverflowException on overflow. 
  	Conv_Ovf_I2 	Converts the signed value on top of the evaluation stack to signed int16 and extending it to int32, throwing OverflowException on overflow. 
  	Conv_Ovf_I2_Un 	Converts the unsigned value on top of the evaluation stack to signed int16 and extends it to int32, throwing OverflowException on overflow. 
  	Conv_Ovf_I4 	Converts the signed value on top of the evaluation stack to signed int32, throwing OverflowException on overflow. 
  	Conv_Ovf_I4_Un 	Converts the unsigned value on top of the evaluation stack to signed int32, throwing OverflowException on overflow. 
  	Conv_Ovf_I8 	Converts the signed value on top of the evaluation stack to signed int64, throwing OverflowException on overflow. 
  	Conv_Ovf_I8_Un 	Converts the unsigned value on top of the evaluation stack to signed int64, throwing OverflowException on overflow. 
  	Conv_Ovf_U 	Converts the signed value on top of the evaluation stack to unsigned native int, throwing OverflowException on overflow. 
  	Conv_Ovf_U_Un 	Converts the unsigned value on top of the evaluation stack to unsigned native int, throwing OverflowException on overflow. 
  	Conv_Ovf_U1 	Converts the signed value on top of the evaluation stack to unsigned int8 and extends it to int32, throwing OverflowException on overflow. 
  	Conv_Ovf_U1_Un 	Converts the unsigned value on top of the evaluation stack to unsigned int8 and extends it to int32, throwing OverflowException on overflow. 
  	Conv_Ovf_U2 	Converts the signed value on top of the evaluation stack to unsigned int16 and extends it to int32, throwing OverflowException on overflow. 
  	Conv_Ovf_U2_Un 	Converts the unsigned value on top of the evaluation stack to unsigned int16 and extends it to int32, throwing OverflowException on overflow. 
  	Conv_Ovf_U4 	Converts the signed value on top of the evaluation stack to unsigned int32, throwing OverflowException on overflow. 
  	Conv_Ovf_U4_Un 	Converts the unsigned value on top of the evaluation stack to unsigned int32, throwing OverflowException on overflow. 
  	Conv_Ovf_U8 	Converts the signed value on top of the evaluation stack to unsigned int64, throwing OverflowException on overflow. 
  	Conv_Ovf_U8_Un 	Converts the unsigned value on top of the evaluation stack to unsigned int64, throwing OverflowException on overflow. 
  	Conv_R_Un 	Converts the unsigned integer value on top of the evaluation stack to float32. 
  	Conv_R4 	Converts the value on top of the evaluation stack to float32. 
  	Conv_R8 	Converts the value on top of the evaluation stack to float64. 
  	Conv_U 		Converts the value on top of the evaluation stack to unsigned native int, and extends it to native int. 
  	Conv_U1 	Converts the value on top of the evaluation stack to unsigned int8, and extends it to int32. 
  	Conv_U2 	Converts the value on top of the evaluation stack to unsigned int16, and extends it to int32. 
  	Conv_U4 	Converts the value on top of the evaluation stack to unsigned int32, and extends it to int32. 
  	Conv_U8 	Converts the value on top of the evaluation stack to unsigned int64, and extends it to int64. 
  	Cpblk 		Copies a specified number bytes from a source address to a destination address. 
  	Cpobj 		Copies the value type located at the address of an object (type &, * or native int) to the address of the destination object (type &, * or native int). 
  	Div 		Divides two values and pushes the result as a floating-point (type F) or quotient (type int32) onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Div_Un 		Divides two unsigned integer values and pushes the result (int32) onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Dup 		Copies the current topmost value on the evaluation stack, and then pushes the copy onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Endfilter 	Transfers control from the filter clause of an exception back to the Common Language Infrastructure (CLI) exception handler. 
  	Endfinally 	Transfers control from the fault or finally clause of an exception block back to the Common Language Infrastructure (CLI) exception handler. 
  	Initblk 	Initializes a specified block of memory at a specific address to a given size and initial value. 
  	Initobj 	Initializes each field of the value type at a specified address to a null reference or a 0 of the appropriate primitive type. 
  	Isinst 		Tests whether an object reference (type O) is an instance of a particular class. 
  	Jmp 		Exits current method and jumps to specified method. 
  	Ldarg 		Loads an argument (referenced by a specified index value) onto the stack. 
  	Ldarg_0 	Loads the argument at index 0 onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Ldarg_1 	Loads the argument at index 1 onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Ldarg_2 	Loads the argument at index 2 onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Ldarg_3 	Loads the argument at index 3 onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Ldarg_S 	Loads the argument (referenced by a specified short form index) onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Ldarga 		Load an argument address onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Ldarga_S 	Load an argument address, in short form, onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Ldc_I4 		Pushes a supplied value of type int32 onto the evaluation stack as an int32. 
  	Ldc_I4_0 	Pushes the integer value of 0 onto the evaluation stack as an int32. 
  	Ldc_I4_1 	Pushes the integer value of 1 onto the evaluation stack as an int32. 
  	Ldc_I4_2 	Pushes the integer value of 2 onto the evaluation stack as an int32. 
  	Ldc_I4_3 	Pushes the integer value of 3 onto the evaluation stack as an int32. 
  	Ldc_I4_4 	Pushes the integer value of 4 onto the evaluation stack as an int32. 
  	Ldc_I4_5 	Pushes the integer value of 5 onto the evaluation stack as an int32. 
  	Ldc_I4_6 	Pushes the integer value of 6 onto the evaluation stack as an int32. 
  	Ldc_I4_7 	Pushes the integer value of 7 onto the evaluation stack as an int32. 
  	Ldc_I4_8 	Pushes the integer value of 8 onto the evaluation stack as an int32. 
  	Ldc_I4_M1 	Pushes the integer value of -1 onto the evaluation stack as an int32. 
  	Ldc_I4_S 	Pushes the supplied int8 value onto the evaluation stack as an int32, short form. 
  	Ldc_I8 		Pushes a supplied value of type int64 onto the evaluation stack as an int64. 
  	Ldc_R4 		Pushes a supplied value of type float32 onto the evaluation stack as type F (float). 
  	Ldc_R8 		Pushes a supplied value of type float64 onto the evaluation stack as type F (float). 
  	Ldelem 		Loads the element at a specified array index onto the top of the evaluation stack as the type specified in the instruction. 
  	Ldelem_I 	Loads the element with type native int at a specified array index onto the top of the evaluation stack as a native int. 
  	Ldelem_I1 	Loads the element with type int8 at a specified array index onto the top of the evaluation stack as an int32. 
  	Ldelem_I2 	Loads the element with type int16 at a specified array index onto the top of the evaluation stack as an int32. 
  	Ldelem_I4 	Loads the element with type int32 at a specified array index onto the top of the evaluation stack as an int32. 
  	Ldelem_I8 	Loads the element with type int64 at a specified array index onto the top of the evaluation stack as an int64. 
  	Ldelem_R4 	Loads the element with type float32 at a specified array index onto the top of the evaluation stack as type F (float). 
  	Ldelem_R8 	Loads the element with type float64 at a specified array index onto the top of the evaluation stack as type F (float). 
  	Ldelem_Ref 	Loads the element containing an object reference at a specified array index onto the top of the evaluation stack as type O (object reference). 
  	Ldelem_U1 	Loads the element with type unsigned int8 at a specified array index onto the top of the evaluation stack as an int32. 
  	Ldelem_U2 	Loads the element with type unsigned int16 at a specified array index onto the top of the evaluation stack as an int32. 
  	Ldelem_U4 	Loads the element with type unsigned int32 at a specified array index onto the top of the evaluation stack as an int32. 
  	Ldelema 	Loads the address of the array element at a specified array index onto the top of the evaluation stack as type & (managed pointer). 
  	Ldfld 		Finds the value of a field in the object whose reference is currently on the evaluation stack. 
  	Ldflda 		Finds the address of a field in the object whose reference is currently on the evaluation stack. 
  	Ldftn 		Pushes an unmanaged pointer (type native int) to the native code implementing a specific method onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Ldind_I 	Loads a value of type native int as a native int onto the evaluation stack indirectly. 
  	Ldind_I1 	Loads a value of type int8 as an int32 onto the evaluation stack indirectly. 
  	Ldind_I2 	Loads a value of type int16 as an int32 onto the evaluation stack indirectly. 
  	Ldind_I4 	Loads a value of type int32 as an int32 onto the evaluation stack indirectly. 
  	Ldind_I8 	Loads a value of type int64 as an int64 onto the evaluation stack indirectly. 
  	Ldind_R4 	Loads a value of type float32 as a type F (float) onto the evaluation stack indirectly. 
  	Ldind_R8 	Loads a value of type float64 as a type F (float) onto the evaluation stack indirectly. 
  	Ldind_Ref 	Loads an object reference as a type O (object reference) onto the evaluation stack indirectly. 
  	Ldind_U1 	Loads a value of type unsigned int8 as an int32 onto the evaluation stack indirectly. 
  	Ldind_U2 	Loads a value of type unsigned int16 as an int32 onto the evaluation stack indirectly. 
  	Ldind_U4 	Loads a value of type unsigned int32 as an int32 onto the evaluation stack indirectly. 
  	Ldlen 		Pushes the number of elements of a zero-based, one-dimensional array onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Ldloc 		Loads the local variable at a specific index onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Ldloc_0 	Loads the local variable at index 0 onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Ldloc_1 	Loads the local variable at index 1 onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Ldloc_2 	Loads the local variable at index 2 onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Ldloc_3 	Loads the local variable at index 3 onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Ldloc_S 	Loads the local variable at a specific index onto the evaluation stack, short form. 
  	Ldloca 		Loads the address of the local variable at a specific index onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Ldloca_S 	Loads the address of the local variable at a specific index onto the evaluation stack, short form. 
  	Ldnull 		Pushes a null reference (type O) onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Ldobj 		Copies the value type object pointed to by an address to the top of the evaluation stack. 
  	Ldsfld 		Pushes the value of a static field onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Ldsflda 	Pushes the address of a static field onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Ldstr 		Pushes a new object reference to a string literal stored in the metadata. 
  	Ldtoken 	Converts a metadata token to its runtime representation, pushing it onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Ldvirtftn 	Pushes an unmanaged pointer (type native int) to the native code implementing a particular virtual method associated with a specified object onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Leave 		Exits a protected region of code, unconditionally transferring control to a specific target instruction. 
  	Leave_S 	Exits a protected region of code, unconditionally transferring control to a target instruction (short form). 
  	Localloc 	Allocates a certain number of bytes from the local dynamic memory pool and pushes the address (a transient pointer, type *) of the first allocated byte onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Mkrefany 	Pushes a typed reference to an instance of a specific type onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Mul 		Multiplies two values and pushes the result on the evaluation stack. 
  	Mul_Ovf 	Multiplies two integer values, performs an overflow check, and pushes the result onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Mul_Ovf_Un 	Multiplies two unsigned integer values, performs an overflow check, and pushes the result onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Neg 		Negates a value and pushes the result onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Newarr 		Pushes an object reference to a new zero-based, one-dimensional array whose elements are of a specific type onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Newobj 		Creates a new object or a new instance of a value type, pushing an object reference (type O) onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Nop 		Fills space if opcodes are patched. No meaningful operation is performed although a processing cycle can be consumed. 
  	Not 		Computes the bitwise complement of the integer value on top of the stack and pushes the result onto the evaluation stack as the same type. 
  	Or 		Compute the bitwise complement of the two integer values on top of the stack and pushes the result onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Pop 		Removes the value currently on top of the evaluation stack. 
  	Prefix1 	Infrastructure. This is a reserved instruction.
  	Prefix2 	Infrastructure. This is a reserved instruction.
  	Prefix3 	Infrastructure. This is a reserved instruction.
  	Prefix4 	Infrastructure. This is a reserved instruction.
  	Prefix5 	Infrastructure. This is a reserved instruction.
  	Prefix6 	Infrastructure. This is a reserved instruction.
  	Prefix7 	Infrastructure. This is a reserved instruction.
  	Prefixref 	Infrastructure. This is a reserved instruction.
  	Readonly 	Specifies that the subsequent array address operation performs no type check at run time, and that it returns a managed pointer whose mutability is restricted. 
  	Refanytype 	Retrieves the type token embedded in a typed reference. 
  	Refanyval 	Retrieves the address (type &) embedded in a typed reference. 
  	Rem 		Divides two values and pushes the remainder onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Rem_Un 		Divides two unsigned values and pushes the remainder onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Ret 		Returns from the current method, pushing a return value (if present) from the callee's evaluation stack onto the caller's evaluation stack. 
  	Rethrow 	Rethrows the current exception. 
  	Shl 		Shifts an integer value to the left (in zeroes) by a specified number of bits, pushing the result onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Shr 		Shifts an integer value (in sign) to the right by a specified number of bits, pushing the result onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Shr_Un 		Shifts an unsigned integer value (in zeroes) to the right by a specified number of bits, pushing the result onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Sizeof 		Pushes the size, in bytes, of a supplied value type onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Starg 		Stores the value on top of the evaluation stack in the argument slot at a specified index. 
  	Starg_S 	Stores the value on top of the evaluation stack in the argument slot at a specified index, short form. 
  	Stelem 		Replaces the array element at a given index with the value on the evaluation stack, whose type is specified in the instruction. 
  	Stelem_I 	Replaces the array element at a given index with the native int value on the evaluation stack. 
  	Stelem_I1 	Replaces the array element at a given index with the int8 value on the evaluation stack. 
  	Stelem_I2 	Replaces the array element at a given index with the int16 value on the evaluation stack. 
  	Stelem_I4 	Replaces the array element at a given index with the int32 value on the evaluation stack. 
  	Stelem_I8 	Replaces the array element at a given index with the int64 value on the evaluation stack. 
  	Stelem_R4 	Replaces the array element at a given index with the float32 value on the evaluation stack. 
  	Stelem_R8 	Replaces the array element at a given index with the float64 value on the evaluation stack. 
  	Stelem_Ref 	Replaces the array element at a given index with the object ref value (type O) on the evaluation stack. 
  	Stfld 		Replaces the value stored in the field of an object reference or pointer with a new value. 
  	Stind_I 	Stores a value of type native int at a supplied address. 
  	Stind_I1 	Stores a value of type int8 at a supplied address. 
  	Stind_I2 	Stores a value of type int16 at a supplied address. 
  	Stind_I4 	Stores a value of type int32 at a supplied address. 
  	Stind_I8 	Stores a value of type int64 at a supplied address. 
  	Stind_R4 	Stores a value of type float32 at a supplied address. 
  	Stind_R8 	Stores a value of type float64 at a supplied address. 
  	Stind_Ref 	Stores a object reference value at a supplied address. 
  	Stloc 		Pops the current value from the top of the evaluation stack and stores it in a the local variable list at a specified index. 
  	Stloc_0 	Pops the current value from the top of the evaluation stack and stores it in a the local variable list at index 0. 
  	Stloc_1 	Pops the current value from the top of the evaluation stack and stores it in a the local variable list at index 1. 
  	Stloc_2 	Pops the current value from the top of the evaluation stack and stores it in a the local variable list at index 2. 
  	Stloc_3 	Pops the current value from the top of the evaluation stack and stores it in a the local variable list at index 3. 
  	Stloc_S 	Pops the current value from the top of the evaluation stack and stores it in a the local variable list at index (short form). 
  	Stobj 		Copies a value of a specified type from the evaluation stack into a supplied memory address. 
  	Stsfld 		Replaces the value of a static field with a value from the evaluation stack. 
  	Sub 		Subtracts one value from another and pushes the result onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Sub_Ovf 	Subtracts one integer value from another, performs an overflow check, and pushes the result onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Sub_Ovf_Un 	Subtracts one unsigned integer value from another, performs an overflow check, and pushes the result onto the evaluation stack. 
  	Switch 		Implements a jump table. 
  	Tailcall 	Performs a postfixed method call instruction such that the current method's stack frame is removed before the actual call instruction is executed. 
  	Throw 		Throws the exception object currently on the evaluation stack. 
  	Unaligned 	Indicates that an address currently atop the evaluation stack might not be aligned to the natural size of the immediately following ldind, stind, ldfld, stfld, ldobj, stobj, initblk, or cpblk instruction. 
  	Unbox 		Converts the boxed representation of a value type to its unboxed form. 
  	Unbox_Any 	Converts the boxed representation of a type specified in the instruction to its unboxed form. 
  	Volatile 	Specifies that an address currently atop the evaluation stack might be volatile, and the results of reading that location cannot be cached or that multiple stores to that location cannot be suppressed. 
  	Xor 		Computes the bitwise XOR of the top two values on the evaluation stack, pushing the result onto the evaluation stack.